here's what's in theaters this weekend a
major weapons test is imminent we need
to know how to destroy the force returns
in the action-packed prequel Rove won a
Star Wars story go rogue in IMAX check
local listings for a Showtime near you
in whites letters who are they - time
love death a grieving father comes
face-to-face with the mysteries of the
universe in the heartwarming drama
collateral Beauty it's there the
collateral beauty these dreams that we
keep running into each other maybe it
means something out it yeah from the
creator of whiplash comes lala land a
romantic musical that will have your
toes tapping here's this week's fantasy
patient so what's your weekend ticket
going to be let us know by commenting
below see you next time on weekend
ticket
[Music]
[Applause]